Added time section for EIB, metal3 and elemental (#664)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/quickstart/metal3.adoc

This matches the default configuration for the Metal^3^ chart, but the setting must match the configured chart `predictableNicNames` value.

Also note that `ignition.platform.id=openstack` is mandatory - without this argument SUSE Linux Micro configuration via ignition will fail in the Metal^3^ automated flow.

> The `time` section is optional but it is highly recommended to configure it to avoid potential issues with certificates and clock skew. The data there is just an example, please use proper values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `time` section is optional but it is highly recommended to be configured to avoid potential issues with certificates and clock skew. The data there is just an example, please use proper values.
```

Author: done
